RHDEVDOCS-3306: Document running image build tasks as unprivileged builds (#44733)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-using-custom-scc-to-improve-prod-security.adoc

[id='op-using-custom-scc-to-improve-prod-security_{context}']
= Using a custom SCC to improve pod security

> You can improve security by using a custom security context constraints (SCCs) because it's easy to migrate pipelines that need to be run or built as root. To further lock down your installation, allow the container to run only as user 1000 when the pod asks for it and the default root is not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because you can migrate pipelines that must be run or built as root, you can improve security by using custom security context constraints (SCCs). To lock down your installation further when the default root user is not allowed, allow the container to run only as user `1000` when the pod requests what permissions to use.
```
- delete indefinite article for plural noun
- do not use contractions
- per the ISG's glossary, avoid using the word "easy" or including any opinionated phrases like "it is easy to".
- The meaning of this paragraph is not entirely clear to me. I've tried to rephrase the sentences for clarity, but please review for accuracy, but I still don't understand what an SCC is and how the second sentence using an SCC to set permissions. I'd suggest expanding this paragraph to clarify the relationship between an SCC and setting the permission of the container to user `1000`.

. Procedure

> * To do so you need to edit the `pipelines-scc` and modify the `runAsUser` and `seLinuxContext` section to `MustRunAs` to uid 1000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To set an SCC, edit the `pipelines-scc` and modify the `runAsUser` and `seLinuxContext` section to `MustRunAs` to uid 1000.
```

> :_content-type: PROCEDURE

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * cicd/pipelines/running-workloads-and-buildah-as-user-namespaces-on-openshift-pipelines.adoc
:_content-type: PROCEDURE
```

> :_content-type: PROCEDURE

Reviewer 3: missing list of assemblies where this module is included; please see mod docs templates

> [id='op-using-custom-scc-to-improve-prod-security_{context}']

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[id="op-using-custom-scc-to-improve-prod-security_{context}"]
```

> = Using a custom SCC to improve pod security

Author: Its because the Netlify is not building the PRs currently as far as I understand.

Improve the security of your builds and runs by using custom security context constraints (SCCs).

> 

Reviewer 3: Add `.Prerequisites` for all procedure modules

. Procedure

> * Edit the `pipelines-scc` and modify the `runAsUser` and `seLinuxContext`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* In the `pipelines-scc` YAML file, modify the `runAsUser` and `seLinuxContext` elements as shown in the following example.
```
Use labels like `file` or `elements` to identify the type of object you're referencing.

> [source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Example `pipelines-scc` object
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
```

> * Edit the `pipelines-scc` and modify the `runAsUser` and `seLinuxContext`.
> 
> [source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Edit the `pipelines-scc` and modify the `runAsUser` and `seLinuxContext`:
+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
```

see previous comments also about literals like `runAsUser` and `seLinuxContext`, make sure these are written explaining what they are, maybe something like "`runAsUser` and `seLinuxContext` resources" etc

> ----

Author: Need SME input here.

> ----

Reviewer 2: @chmouel our goal is to help our users succeed with the task at hand. Too little or too much information can get in the way of that goal.

> ----

Reviewer 2: @chmouel, I'll propose a different solution based on @ppitonak's recommendation to **create** an SCC.

> Because you can migrate pipelines that must be run or built as root, you can improve security by using custom security context constraints (SCCs). To lock down your installation further when the default root user is not allowed, allow the container to run only as user ID `1000` when the pod requests what permissions to use.

Reviewer 4: The last sentence, do we need it? The only info we need is the benefit of using SCCs so that the user knows if he/she wants to complete this procedure. 

If we can cut it, I say cut it.

> * To set an SCC, edit the `pipelines-scc` and modify the `runAsUser` and `seLinuxContext` as follows:

Reviewer 4: Minimalism:

Edit the `pipelines-scc` and modify the `runAsUser` and `seLinuxContext`.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * cicd/pipelines/running-workloads-and-buildah-as-user-namespaces-on-openshift-pipelines.adoc
:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="op-using-custom-scc-to-improve-prod-security_{context}"]
= Using a custom SCC to improve pod security

To improve the security of your builds and runs, you can use custom security context constraints (SCCs).

.Procedure

> * Edit the `pipelines-scc` and modify the `runAsUser` and `seLinuxContext`:

Reviewer 5: IMHO it's safer to create a new SCC. This one is managed by operator so it could be removed or changed after updating OpenShift Pipelines.

> * Edit the `pipelines-scc` and modify the `runAsUser` and `seLinuxContext`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Create a `pipelines-scc` Security Context Constraints (SCC) and update its `runAsUser` and `seLinuxContext` parameters:
```

+

> .Example `pipelines-scc` object

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Example `pipelines-scc` excerpt
```
